hi welcome to Evan style for your shape
studio
my name is Brix and I'm joined by pixie
and Gladys my name is brick Smith start
I don't know if you know who I am but
I'm a fashion TV presenter I'm a stylist
and a retailer and I've been styling
both real women and celebrities for a
very long time and I'm here today with a
few tricks up my sleeve to help you
style for your shape what are my top
styling rules I get asked that all the
time and here's the weird thing I
actually believe in fashion that there
shouldn't be any room and that rules are
actually there to be broken I mean
that's what's fun in life isn't it
breaking the rules and creating stuff
for yourself I always think of fashion
like a roller coaster and if you're too
scared to get on the roller coaster you
never know how much fun you're gonna
have I think ultimately you need to
start from a place of confidence and you
say oh that's easy for you to say but
I'm exactly like you I'm a vulnerable
woman with all sorts of flaws and
insecurities we're all the same let's
just put that out there right now cuz at
the end of the day if you're not wearing
what you love you know you're not gonna
feel great
so in terms of styling and getting
dressed the first thing that I always
start with is shapewear and that's you
know really like control panties or
controlled tights that hold you in slim
you down they couldn't take a size off
off your dress size if you get it right
and certainly a properly fitting bra
that's really important that can give
you back a waist if you haven't been
fitted professionally for a bra please
head straight to Evans all the staff
there are trained to do it and really it
is your foundation I just want to bring
something to you that we we actually say
this is really weird saying in the
fashion industry
it's something called hanger appeal
sometimes you'll go into a store and
you'll just do not even notice what's on
the hanger because it just doesn't look
good it has no hang or kill but actually
if you would try it on you might see
that it does I think that you know you
should try everything and if something
doesn't work it's not a mistake it's
something to learn from it's just a
starting place
join me next week when I show you how to
wear color you want to wear color
gladdie